hey what's going on guys back here with
another toy review it's been a little
while is that one of these but um this
one's kind of special it's a two-for-one
deal we got the 2-pack of the Gears of
War 3 with Marcus Fenix and the locust
drone oh you pretty much will deal with
this one first because you've pretty
much seen this guy before it's pretty
much the same body from the other locust
drone figures that came out like in the
Gears of War 2 pack but it's still
really cool-looking not sure if they
have a new head sculpt I don't have any
other figures to compare it with I'm not
sure if any of any of the sculpt there
is new but some pictures I've seen it
pretty much looks the same but like I
said he's still really cool-looking so
can't go wrong with that I'll go into
the articulation really quickly
he has his gun off I got the ball
jointed shoulders here the bicep swivel
to the drone and elbows and the wrist
swivels I think oh yeah it swivels right
here - that's good head only goes 360
doesn't go up and down at all there is
no like ab crunch articulation there's a
small waist doing here same on this side
has a manipulation there the wrists
going around he is kind of hunched so
one arm is like up higher than the other
arm so he can hold the gun he's got the
single joining me but it's also on like
a ball joint just kind of weird but you
know pretty cool he's got the hip joint
here they don't go in and out just go
360 and the foot goes kind up and down
kind of it's kind of a pivot like on a
ball joint - just the detail and these
guys are awesome
see all the armor all the paint detail
each individual buckle has paint on it
pouches comes with a bold talk pistol
surely not that much detail on there
pretty much all black with a little bit
of like silver wash on there these
friggin boots are crazy though some
awesome detail there but you've probably
seen this one before like I said so I
hear some of the weapons the hammer
burst that's pretty awesome just love
the detail on this like just the sculpts
are great
the paint's great here is the Gears of
War 3
Lancer supposed to have the fire effect
to it so that's pretty cool it's just
orange paint on the bottom but it still
looks cool a little hook to plug it into
the bath it's got a little handle here
when he's chainsaw but the handle is way
too small for the figures hands doesn't
fit well but it's kind of cool they
added that in there like I said there's
a bowl talk now for the Marcus Fenix
actually we'll go into the rest of the
weapons first um here's another hammer
burst but this one has the flame effect
to it as well so it's the exact same
thing just a new paint job but here is
the retro Lancer this is a new one
I'm loving the retro Lancer it's got you
can't see it too well right here but
it's got some blood on the blade there
again awesome detail awesome paint job
just really cool and now here's Marcus
Marcus Fenix I was actually supposed to
get the journey's end Marcus Fenix
because I ordered it from Gamestop but
then I liked what I got in the mail was
these two guys the two packs so I mean
I'm not complaining but now this is the
new head sculpt from what I've seen from
the older head sculpt this is definitely
a new one and it's on like a ball joint
so that's some really good articulation
on they put into pretty good pose that's
cool he's got this weird joint
you call this thing kind of goes in and
out and doesn't go up and down though
and this is not really on a ball-joint
just kind of goes like this but then
it's also a chick you lated right here
so it's kind of on a ball-joint but not
really doesn't go up so there is no
bicep swivel so and it's a single join
in elbows the wrists spins and they go
in and out like that you don't think
this yeah it doesn't swivel either
staying on both sides he does have an ab
crunch but you can't you know it's you
can't see it obviously dudes with the
armor set the waist articulation but
mine with the ab crunch a little flimsy
so that's kind of a problem for me the
legs have this little what you call this
joint either like a hinge joint here
they're not on ball joint but they go up
a back and forth they go all the way out
and they rotate at the hip they're from
the thigh
it's got single jointed knees but again
because of the boots doesn't really move
that well and I think these these just
have single jointed and then the foot
goes all the way up and doesn't spin so
this guy is actually really awesome too
though just the detail and the paint
mainly that fades you see the scar on
there different textures even on the
bandana he's got their all-around really
cool got a little black spot there from
the paint rubbing off but pouches and
everything again really nice detailed
boots detail man just these NECA figures
are awesome I haven't any breakage
problem just some paint chip problems
you know that's about it but definitely
recommend picking up this 2-pack I think
it's out at Toys R Us now so you can go
pick it up there the journey's end
figure unfortunately I didn't get it
because like I said they sent me this in
the mail instead but I'm not complaining
because
Hey I got two for the price of one right
so that's cool but yeah definitely uh
pick up this guy pick up these guys and
this 2-pack and that's my review I don't
forget to rate comment subscribe and
check out BKB and net I'll talk to you
guys later